Add instrgen directory for source level instrumentation (#3068)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Add the new `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrgen` package to provide auto-generated source code  instrumentation. (#3068)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add the new `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrgen` package to provide auto-generated source code instrumentation. (#3068)
```

## [Unreleased]

> - Add instrgen, a new directory for source instrumentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Added

- Add the new `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrgen` package to provide auto-generated source code  instrumentation. (#3068)
```
